---
layout: post
category: project
tags: [GitHub.io, BootStrap]
---

Setting up Github.io page is super easy.

You just need create a public project with name: 
```sh
[YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME_HERE_WITHOUT_PARANTHESIS].github.io
```

Then just write a index.html file for this project to set up your static personal GitHub.io page.

It does not look cool, right? How to deploy BootStrap? Use [JekyllBootStrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/)!

MAKE SURE YOU ALREADY INSTALL RUBY ON YOUR MACHINE FOR DEVELOP USE.

Download JekyllBootStrap into your page folder.

Modify content in "_config.yml" to your profile information.

Try run jekyll on your machine under the project folder.
```sh
jekyll serve
```
Much better, but still bad looking? How?

Try cooler BootStrap icon nav-bar or modify it to transparent with a background image for your page!

Put following code into folder "_site/assets/themes/twitter/css/style.css" to make your nav bar transparent
```sh
.navbar {
   background-color: transparent;
   background: transparent;
}

.navbar-inner {
    background:transparent;
}

.navbar li { color: #000 } 
```
Then modify your page with a background image!
```sh
background-image: url('/YOUR_IMAGE_PATH_UNDER_YOUR_PROJECT_FOLDER');
```

You can also modify the navi-bar information in "_includes/themes/twitter/default.html"
For me, I modify it with
```sh
            <li><a href="/archive.html">Archive</a></li>        
            <li><a href="/categories.html">Categories</a></li>
            <li><a href="/pages.html">Pages</a></li>
            <li><a href="/tags.html">Tags</a></li>
            <li><a href="/about.html">About</a></li>
```
where about.html is rendered from about.md I write under the project root folder.

Now, try to write new post!
New a file with name format "YYYY(YEAR)-MM(MONTH)-DD(DAY)-YOUR-PAGE-NAME-WITH-BLANK-REPLACED-BY-HYPHEN" under folder "_posts",
with format
```sh
---
layout: post
category: [YOUR CATEGORY]
tags: [YOUR TAGS]
---
MAKR DOWN CONTENT
```

I'll recommend a great tool [Dillinger](http://dillinger.io/) to write MarkDown file! You can preview your MarkDown file online, similar to latex previewer [WriteLatex](http://writelatex.com).

Build your page with beatiful BootStrap css class, just by referring [BootStrap](http://getbootstrap.com/2.3.2/components.html).

Good Luck!

SIYONG MA
